=head2 Package Win32::GUI::Button

L<Back to the Packages|guipacks/>

=over

=item *

L<Constructor>

=over

=item *

L<new Win32::GUI::Button(PARENT, %OPTIONS)|/new_Win32_GUI_Button_PARENT_>

=back

=item *

L<Methods>

=over

=item *

L<SetImage(BITMAP)|/SetImage_BITMAP_>

=back

=item *

L<Events>

=over

=item *

L<Click()|/Click_>

=item *

L<DblClick()|/DblClick_>

=item *

L<GotFocus()|/GotFocus_>

=item *

L<LostFocus()|/LostFocus_>

=item *

L<MouseDown()|/MouseDown_>

=item *

L<MouseUp()|/MouseUp_>

=back

=back

=head3 Constructor

=over 4

=for html <A NAME="new_Win32_GUI_Button_PARENT_">

=item new Win32::GUI::Button(PARENT, %OPTIONS)

Creates a new Button object;
can also be called as PARENT->AddButton(%OPTIONS).
Class specific %OPTIONS are:

    -align   => left/center/right (default left)
    -valign  => top/center/bottom
    -default => 0/1 (default 0)
    -ok      => 0/1 (default 0)
    -cancel  => 0/1 (default 0)
    -bitmap  => Win32::GUI::Bitmap object
    -picture => see -bitmap
    -icon    => Win32::GUI::Icon object

=for html <P>

=back

=head3 Methods

=over 4

=for html <A NAME="SetImage_BITMAP_">

=item SetImage(BITMAP)

Draws the specified BITMAP, a Win32::GUI::Bitmap or Win32::GUI::Icon
object, in the Button.

=for html <P>

=back

=head3 Events

=over 4

=for html <A NAME="Click_">

=item Click()

Sent when the control is selected (eg.
the button pushed, the checkbox checked, etc.).

=for html <P>

=for html <A NAME="DblClick_">

=item DblClick()

Sent when the user double clicks on the control.

=for html <P>

=for html <A NAME="GotFocus_">

=item GotFocus()

Sent when the control is activated.

=for html <P>

=for html <A NAME="LostFocus_">

=item LostFocus()

Sent when the control is deactivated.

=for html <P>

=for html <A NAME="MouseDown_">

=item MouseDown()

Sent when the user down clicks on the control.

=for html <P>

=for html <A NAME="MouseUp_">

=item MouseUp()

Sent when the user releases a down click on the control.

=for html <P>

=back

=cut
