=head2 Package Win32::GUI::ImageList

L<Back to the Packages|guipacks/>

=over

=item *

L<Constructor>

=over

=item *

L<new Win32::GUI::ImageList(X, Y, FLAGS, INITAL, GROW)|/new_Win32_GUI_ImageList_X_Y_>

=back

=item *

L<Methods>

=over

=item *

L<Add(BITMAP, [BITMAPMASK])|/Add_BITMAP_BITMAPMASK_>

=item *

L<AddBitmap(BITMAP, [BITMAPMASK])|/AddBitmap_BITMAP_BITMAPMASK_>

=item *

L<BackColor([COLOR])|/BackColor_COLOR_>

=item *

L<Clear()|/Clear_>

=item *

L<Count()|/Count_>

=item *

L<Remove(INDEX)|/Remove_INDEX_>

=item *

L<Replace(INDEX, BITMAP, [BITMAPMASK])|/Replace_INDEX_BITMAP_BITMAPMA>

=item *

L<Size([X, Y])|/Size_X_Y_>

=back

=back

=head3 Constructor

=over 4

=for html <A NAME="new_Win32_GUI_ImageList_X_Y_">

=item new Win32::GUI::ImageList(X, Y, FLAGS, INITAL, GROW)

Creates an ImageList object; X and Y specify the size of the images,
FLAGS [TBD]. INITIAL and GROW specify the number of images the ImageList
actually contains (INITIAL) and the number of images for which memory
is allocated (GROW).

=for html <P>

=back

=head3 Methods

=over 4

=for html <A NAME="Add_BITMAP_BITMAPMASK_">

=item Add(BITMAP, [BITMAPMASK])

Adds a bitmap to the ImageList; both BITMAP and BITMAPMASK can be either
Win32::GUI::Bitmap objects or filenames.

=for html <P>

=for html <A NAME="AddBitmap_BITMAP_BITMAPMASK_">

=item AddBitmap(BITMAP, [BITMAPMASK])

Adds a Win32::GUI::Bitmap object to the ImageList. BITMAPMASK is
optional. See also  L<Add()|/Add_BITMAP_BITMAPMASK_>.

=for html <P>

=for html <A NAME="BackColor_COLOR_">

=item BackColor([COLOR])

Gets or sets the background color for the ImageList.

=for html <P>

=for html <A NAME="Clear_">

=item Clear()

Removes all the images from the ImageList.

=for html <P>

=for html <A NAME="Count_">

=item Count()

Returns the number of images in the ImageList.

=for html <P>

=for html <A NAME="Remove_INDEX_">

=item Remove(INDEX)

Removes the specified zero-based INDEX image from the ImageList.

=for html <P>

=for html <A NAME="Replace_INDEX_BITMAP_BITMAPMA">

=item Replace(INDEX, BITMAP, [BITMAPMASK])

Replaces the specified zero-based INDEX image with the image specified
by BITMAP (must be a Win32::GUI::Bitmap object). BITMAPMASK is optional.

=for html <P>

=for html <A NAME="Size_X_Y_">

=item Size([X, Y])

Gets or sets the size of the images in the ImageList;
if no parameter is given, returns a 2 element array (X, Y),
otherwise sets the size to the given parameters.

=for html <P>

=back

=cut
