=head2 Package Win32::GUI::TabStrip

L<Back to the Packages|guipacks/>

=over

=item *

L<Constructor>

=over

=item *

L<new Win32::GUI::TabStrip(PARENT, %OPTIONS)|/new_Win32_GUI_TabStrip_PARENT_>

=back

=item *

L<Methods>

=over

=item *

L<ChangeItem(ITEM, %OPTIONS)|/ChangeItem_ITEM_OPTIONS_>

=item *

L<Count()|/Count_>

=item *

L<DeleteItem(ITEM)|/DeleteItem_ITEM_>

=item *

L<GetString(ITEM)|/GetString_ITEM_>

=item *

L<InsertItem(%OPTIONS)|/InsertItem_OPTIONS_>

=item *

L<Reset()|/Reset_>

=item *

L<Select(INDEX)|/Select_INDEX_>

=item *

L<SelectedItem()|/SelectedItem_>

=back

=item *

L<Events>

=over

=item *

L<Change()|/Change_>

=item *

L<Changing()|/Changing_>

=back

=back

=head3 Constructor

=over 4

=for html <A NAME="new_Win32_GUI_TabStrip_PARENT_">

=item new Win32::GUI::TabStrip(PARENT, %OPTIONS)

Creates a new TabStrip object;
can also be called as PARENT->AddTabStrip(%OPTIONS).
Class specific %OPTIONS are:

  -bottom    => 0/1 (default 0)
  -buttons   => 0/1 (default 0)
  -hottrack  => 0/1 (default 0)
  -imagelist => Win32::GUI::ImageList object
  -justify   => 0/1 (default 0)
  -multiline => 0/1 (default 0)
  -right     => 0/1 (default 0)
  -vertical  => 0/1 (default 0)

=for html <P>

=back

=head3 Methods

=over 4

=for html <A NAME="ChangeItem_ITEM_OPTIONS_">

=item ChangeItem(ITEM, %OPTIONS)

Change most of the options used when the item was created
(see  L<InsertItem()|/InsertItem_OPTIONS_>).
Allowed %OPTIONS are:

    -image
    -text

=for html <P>

=for html <A NAME="Count_">

=item Count()

Returns the number of items in the TabStrip.

=for html <P>

=for html <A NAME="DeleteItem_ITEM_">

=item DeleteItem(ITEM)

Removes the specified ITEM from the TabStrip.

=for html <P>

=for html <A NAME="GetString_ITEM_">

=item GetString(ITEM)

Returns the string associated with the specified ITEM in the TabStrip.

=for html <P>

=for html <A NAME="InsertItem_OPTIONS_">

=item InsertItem(%OPTIONS)

Adds an item to the TabStrip.
Allowed %OPTIONS are:

 -image => NUMBER
   the index of an image from the associated ImageList
 -index => NUMBER
   the position for the new item (if not specified, the item
   is added at the end of the control)
 -text  => STRING
   the text that will appear on the item

=for html <P>

=for html <A NAME="Reset_">

=item Reset()

Deletes all items from the TabStrip.

=for html <P>

=for html <A NAME="Select_INDEX_">

=item Select(INDEX)

Selects the zero-based INDEX item in the TabStrip.

=for html <P>

=for html <A NAME="SelectedItem_">

=item SelectedItem()

Returns the zero-based index of the currently selected item.

=for html <P>

=back

=head3 Events

=over 4

=for html <A NAME="Change_">

=item Change()

Sent when the current
selection has changed. Use SelectedItem()
to determine the current selection.

=for html <P>

=for html <A NAME="Changing_">

=item Changing()

Sent before the current selection changes.
Use SelectedItem() to determine the
current selection.
The event should return 0 to prevent
the selection changing, 1 to allow it.

=for html <P>

=back

=cut
